Vectors:S3 atomic vectors (#1369)
hadley/adv-r: Vectors.Rmd

\index{attributes!S3}
\index{S3!vectors}

> One of the most important vector attributes is `class`, which underlies the S3 object system. Having a class attribute turns an object into an __S3 object__, which allows you to do things like use __generic__ functions to determine behaviour. Every S3 object is built on top of a base type, and often stores additional information in other attributes. You'll learn the details of the S3 object system, and how to create your own S3 classes, in Chapter \@ref(s3). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 One of the most important vector attributes is `class`, which underlies the S3 object system. Having a class attribute turns an object into an __S3 object__, which means it will behave differently to the underlying vector when passed to generic functions. Every S3 object is built on top of a base type, and often stores additional information in other attributes. You'll learn the details of the S3 object system, and how to create your own S3 classes, in Chapter \@ref(s3). 
```

Author: Something along the lines of : "Having a class attribute turns an object into an __S3 object__, which means it will behave differently from a regular vector when passed to a generic function."

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds good.

attributes(now_ct)
```

> The `tzone` attribute controls how the date-time is formatted, not how time is represented by the vector. Note that the time is not printed if it is midnight.

Reviewer: instant is a technical term that I'd prefer to preserve here somehow
